Eviter de dépasser le nombre de requêtes simultanées. (#1)
1024pix/scalingo-review-app-manager: README.md

};
(new ReviewAppManager(scalingoToken, scalingoApiUrl, options)).startEcoMode();
```

### Status Poll 

> By default, the status of one scale are check every 1000ms and the number of the max attempt is 10. 
> 
> You can choose your interval and the number of attemmpt by passing `pollTimeInterval` and `pollMaxAttempts` to the ReviewAppManager constructor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Scalingo API limits the numbers of applications scaling in the same time. 

To deal with this limit, a mechanism of polling by application scaling is set up.

By default, the scaling status of each application is checked every 1000ms with a maximum of 10 attempts. These values can be parameterized in the options object of the `ReviewAppManager` constructor : `pollTimeInterval` (number, in ms) and `pollMaxAttempts` (number).
```

Reviewer 2: 🆙

Author: Je n'avais pas vu la fin, c'est fait !
